[DOCS] Makes the DFA limitations section more succinct (#884)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/df-analytics/dfanalytics-limitations.asciidoc

[[dfa-dataframe-size-limitations]]
=== {dataframe-cap} memory limitation

> 

Reviewer: This limitation is a bit unclear.  Which setting does it pertain to (max_machine_memory_percent or max_model_memory_limit)?  What sort of error (if any) occurs if you try to use transforms that exceed this limit? Is it possible to determine in advance whether you're likely to hit this limitation?

Author: I'll address this in another PR.

=== Documents with missing values in analyzed fields are skipped

If there are missing values in feature fields (fields that are subjects of the 

> {dfanalytics}), then the document that contains these fields will be skipped 

Reviewer: Not a big deal, but I generally try to use present tense instead of future tense:
```suggestion
{dfanalytics}), then the document that contains these fields is skipped 
```

therefore fields that have data types other than numeric or boolean are ignored. 
Documents where included fields contain missing values, null values, or an array 
are also ignored. Therefore a destination index may contain documents that don't 

> have an {olscore}. These are still reindexed from the source index to the 

Reviewer: I think you still need this qualifier
```suggestion
have an {olscore}. These documents are still reindexed from the source index to the 
```

=== Imbalanced class sizes affect {classification} performance

If your training data is very imbalanced, then {classanalysis} may not provide 
good predictions. Try to avoid highly imbalanced situations. We recommend having 
at least 50 examples of each class and a ratio of no more than 10 to 1 for the 

> majority to minority class labels in the training data. If your training dataset 

Reviewer: "dataset" is two words in our style guide
```suggestion
majority to minority class labels in the training data. If your training data set 
```

is very imbalanced, consider downsampling the majority class, upsampling the 

> minority class or – if it's possible – gather more data. Consider investigating 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
minority class, or gathering more data. Consider investigating 
```

> methods to change data that fit your use case the most.

Reviewer: > Consider investigating methods to change data that fit your use case the most. 

This sentence is unclear to me. Is it necessary?

[[dfa-feature-importance-limitation]]
=== Analytics runtime performance may significantly slow down with feature importance computation

> For complex models – those with many deep trees – the calculation of feature 

Reviewer: Unless this is the only type of model that is complex, I'd recommend this change:
```suggestion
For complex models (such as those with many deep trees), the calculation of feature 
```

> importance takes significant extra time. Feature importance is calculated at the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
importance takes significantly more time. Feature importance is calculated at the 
```

end of the analysis and therefore the job may appear to be stuck at 99% for 
several hours.

If a reduction in runtime is important to you, try strategies such as disabling 

> feature importance, using a smaller transform, setting 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feature importance, using a smaller {transform}, setting 
```

{ref}/put-dfanalytics.html#ml-hyperparam-optimization[hyperparameter] values 

> and/or only selecting fields for analysis that are relevant.

Reviewer: It is a bit unclear how you'd know which fields are "relevant". Can we clarify?
```suggestion
, or only selecting fields that are relevant for analysis.
```
